## Description
Can you break into this super secure portal? https://jupiter.challenges.picoctf.org/problem/56816/ (link) or http://jupiter.challenges.picoctf.org:56816
### Hint
- What is obfuscation?
## Solution
Upon visiting the website, we encounter a homepage that contains a form where we can enter our credentials. We can test the form by entering random values, but the response will always be "incorrect password." Upon inspecting the page source code, we find some JavaScript code that is in hex format. The hint suggests that the code is related to obfuscation. To deobfuscate the code, we can use an online tool such as 'jsnice'. After deobfuscation, we can see that `_0x4b5b` is a function that takes a value and obfuscates it. We can use this function to deobfuscate our values in the developer console by executing `_0x4b5b("0x0")`. This will deobfuscate the value `0x0` to "getElementByID". We can do this for all the calls in the if-else statement. After deobfuscation, we can replace the obfuscated values with the normal ones to have a better understanding of the code. Next, we need to know which value corresponds to which position. We find that `split` is equal to `4`, and in the first if statement, we have `0, split * 2`, which means `0, 8`. This is equal to "picoCTF{" which is a total of eight characters. This is similar to the 'dont-use-client-side' CTF challenge where we need to rearrange values based on their number of characters. To automate this step, we can write a quick script or perform this manually.
