## Description
There is a secure website running at https://jupiter.challenges.picoctf.org/problem/54253/ (link) or http://jupiter.challenges.picoctf.org:54253. Try to see if you can login as admin!
### Hint
- Seems like the password is encrypted.
## Solution
This challenge is similar to the previous "Irish-Name-Repo 1 and 2", but in this case, there are only "password" and "debug" fields being sent in the request. If we change the debug value to see what is happening in the backend, we can observe that the SQL query is now completely different. The query now selects everything from "admin" where the password is correct. However, if you input "password" in the password field and send the request, it will get converted into "cnffjbeq" in the query, which means that the password is getting encrypted before being passed in the query as mentioned in the hint. But if we input "abcd" in the password field in the SQL query, we get "nopq", which means the encryption is rotating values. It is a rot encryption. You can use CyberChef or any other rot decrypter to find the correct rot that it is using. After using the decrypter and passing "nopq" as the value and "rot13" as the algorithm, we have "abcd" in the result, which means that this is using "rot13". Now we can use the "' or 1=1 -- " payload to test. But before passing this in the password field, we need to run "rot13". After running rot, our "' or 1=1 -- " payload looks like this "'be or 1=1--". By sending the request with this password value as our payload, we can see our flag in the response.
