## Description
There is a website running at https://jupiter.challenges.picoctf.org/problem/33850/ (link) or http://jupiter.challenges.picoctf.org:33850. Do you think you can log us in? Try to see if you can login!
### Hint
- There doesn't seem to be many ways to interact with this. I wonder if the users are kept in a database?
- Try to think about how the website verifies your login.
## Solution
On this website, we have a simple image gallery. On the side panel, there is an admin login form. As usual, we can test this form using random `admin:password` credentials. Bypassing the authentication doesn't work either. Checking the page source didn't give us any useful information. From the hints, we can assume that the usernames and passwords are stored in a database, and there must be a way to interact with it. Let's check the request response to have a better understanding of how the authentication works. After logging in with `admin:password` and checking the request in Burpsuite, we can see a value `debug=0` after the password is appended. So, let's try changing the value of the debug to one. In programming, 0 means false, and 1 means true. Changing the value to true in the request means debug true, we use debug to resolve issues in the code and the response of this request, we can see the SQL query getting executed in the backend to check the username and password. Now we can bypass it using the SQL injection. I am using a harmless yet powerful payload in the request to bypass the authentication: `username:admin'-- -&password=password&debug=1` but you can use the classic SQL payload `username:admin'or 1=1--&password=password&debug=1`. In the response, we can see our flag. 
