## Description
Check the admin scratchpad! https://jupiter.challenges.picoctf.org/problem/63090/ or http://jupiter.challenges.picoctf.org:63090
### Hint
- What is that cookie?
- Have you heard of JWT?
## Solution
Upon visiting the website, we discovered that we could log in using a username and that it was a scratchpad. In the page source, we noticed two links - the first one labeled "powered by jwt" redirected to `https://jwt.io`, and the second labeled "john" redirected to `https://github.com/openwall/john`. When we attempted to log in using "test", we were redirected to the scratchpad, but we found nothing in the page source. We then checked the cookies for any information and found a cookie named "jwt". We decoded the value using "jwt.io" and obtained {"user":"test"}. We then attempted to log in using the username "admin", but we received an error message stating "You cannot login as admin he is special." This meant that we had located the admin account. Since we knew that the admin token would be similar to the one for the user, we attempted to generate a JWT token for admin and log in by changing the value in the cookie. However, we did not have the secret used to create the tokens. Nonetheless, we could use tools such as "johntheripper" to locate secrets. We knew that the token utilized the SHA-256 algorithm. We stored the token to the local machine in a text file and ran a brute-force attack to decode the secret that was used to generate the token. You can read about how to brute-force the token using John the Ripper. We utilized "rockyou.txt" to brute-force the token and, after a while, we were able to decipher the secret, which was "ilovepico". We then changed the user token from "test" to "admin" using "jwt.io". We pasted the user token and changed the value of the user to "admin," then entered the secret in the appropriate field. We then copied and pasted the new token into the cookie field and refreshed the page. After doing so, we were able to log in as admin, and we found our flag on the scratchpad.
