## Description
There is some interesting information hidden around this site http://mercury.picoctf.net:27393/. Can you find it?
### Hint
- You should have enough hints to find the files, don't run a brute forcer.
## Solution
Upon visiting the website, it appears to be similar to the previous challenge, "Inspect3r". As with the first two parts of the flag, we can easily find them in the page source code and CSS file. However, in the JavaScript file, there is no flag present except for a message that reads, "How can I keep Google from indexing my website?" Therefore, the answer can be found by simply conducting a Google search. The website utilizes a "robots.txt" file to prevent Google from crawling certain pages. By opening the file "website-url/robots.txt", we can discover the third part of our flag, as well as a message that reads, "I think this is an Apache server... can you access the next flag?" If you have participated in any CTFs (capture the flag), you can easily guess that there are a few files that Apache uses to configure a website without altering server configurations, such as ".htaccess", ".htpasswd", and more. Upon checking "website-url/.htaccess", we can see that it contains the fourth part of our flag along with the message, "I love making websites on my Mac; I can store a lot of information there." A quick Google search for the file name where Mac stores information reveals that it is stored in a file called ".DS_Store". Upon searching for the file, we can finally see the fifth and last part of the flag.
